Short Citation: (e.g. Becker 2021a)
Paper Citation: Provide the full citation for the paper in APA format.
Journal: If your source is a journal, go straight to the name of the journal. If it is not a journal, specify what it is: book chapter, book, white paper, etc.
Method: is it a survey, review, experiment, archival study, ethnography, etc.?; if multiple methods are used, you can separate them by commas.
Themes: Identify and tag the main themes of the paper related to collaborative policymaking. Tags may include psychological, procedural, or structural aspects. If you feel something does not belong to any of these categories, you can make a new one, but please be sure to define it (and provide examples to illustrate the concept as necessary. Just provide the tag(s) initially; detailed explanations should be for [6]. Important: Each paper can have multiple entries (rows) if it discusses multiple themes or theories, but each row must be dedicated to a single theme or theory. Review papers would normally have multiple themes. So it would be normal to have between 3-10 rows for that one paper.
Theme Focus: Determine whether the paper addresses either: (i) challenges, (ii) enablers, or (iii) both
Theme Explanation: For each theme identified, summarize the author’s explanation of the challenge or enabler in a coherent and detailed but structured manner. It has to be very clear why this particular mechanism or reason identified in the paper enables/challenges collaborative policy-making- for which context; and why. If academic terms (jargon, mechanisms, constructs) are used, provide clear definitions to ensure clarity, and specify how they are relevant to our overall objective of identifying the barriers/enablers of collaborative policymaking. Remember to cite page numbers from the paper/text provided.
Evidence: Detail the empirical evidence, case studies, or examples highlighted by the authors that support their themes and explanations. If several examples or pieces of evidence are involved, use your judgment to highlight the most prominent and relevant ones. You can separate each entry by titles and line breaks. Specify the context of evidence involved. Remember to cite page numbers from the paper/text provided.
Proposed Solutions: For each challenge identified, describe the solutions proposed by the authors. If no solutions are provided, note this as N/A. Specify whether these solutions are theoretical proposals or actively advocated by the authors. Also, specify in which contexts these solutions are proposed. Remember to cite page numbers from the paper/text provided.